hey everyone and welcome back to
brilliant
today I have the most adorable tutorial
I have ever shown you all I hope you all
enjoy this video I am super excited so
let's get started so for today's
tutorial I will be showing on how to
make these really cute dog paws I just
think these are so adorable they're so
kind of mini but they create like the
coolest I've ever like isn't that so
adorable I absolutely love them and I
love how you can do all different colors
perfect gift perfect keepsake perfect
whatever so this is the original post
that I found this on and I use one of
these and these are from I have no idea
who that is
Lu Lucia more R is so I do not take any
credit for this and I just really like
it so I decided to try out so go ahead
check out this post it's super cool and
I absolutely love this keychain idea for
today's tutorial you will be needing
perler beads a square peg board and a
small one will work
wax paper hands an iron you'll be eating
two different colors for this and you
will be needing a paul color and a
background color so my Paul Collier this
time is going to be this hot pink and my
background color is going to be this
dark orange maybe that's yellow I don't
I don't even know the first thing we're
going to do is to get an actual paul
color and we're going to making these
four squares and these squares are two
by two so you'll be using four of them
and you're just going to start wherever
and you're going to do one square and
then to the upper left another square
and then you're going to skip one line
and then do another square and then go
to the bottom left and go ahead and
connect another square right here so you
have four squares and it should look
something like this
you
now we're going to be making the paw not
the fingers I don't know what those are
actually called but we are going to be
making this this part basically what
we're going to be doing is if you look
at your two outer ones we are going to
be looking at the lower ones and two one
two for both of them and that's how they
should meet and we're gonna be first
meeting in line of one and then three
and then five and then two lines of
seven
finish it off we're going to be going
under the two lines of seven and doing
too so you should have one blank two and
then one blank in the middle
using our outlined slash background
color and basically what we're gonna be
doing is outlining everything out which
is not how to be perfect what they did
is it they like didn't do the corner so
they want to do like whatever these are
called but you could have like five and
then a kind of patter I'm just going to
do a little thrower so you guys can
figure out how to do this and then after
you made it the I don't like go ahead
and fill the rest in
you
once you're done with your amazingly
super cute puppy paw go and put your
waxy running iron and you're finished I
think these are so cute and I cannot
explain you guys how adorable these are
they're super easy but you can use these
as keychains or present or give to your
dog to chew up actually that's really
not a good idea don't do that like this
video if you guys enjoyed and comment
down below more animal tutorials and
I'll be here next Monday every Monday
for another super awesome pearly bead
tutorial so thanks everyone so once
you're watching I hope you all enjoyed
and I'll see you all next time bye
everyone
I love you all so much